this stuff ain't deep but it's real if
you're gonna come on youtube and talk
about life in Thailand bring something
real to it and I've been watching a
youtuber he goes by the name of a boss
slay seal and then just yen i think is
how you say it that could be butchering
the name but it's it's forwards Oh boss
lay seal ah ma new CN look man here on
YouTube honesty is the only currency
we've got honesty is the only thing
we're trading in it's the only thing
with any value if people wanted
something artificial polished prepared
fake I don't think they'd be watching
monologues on YouTube I don't think it'd
be watching Marta logs on YouTube about
politics about veganism or about
anything else I did not put these books
on my desk to try to look intelligent
these the books that happened to have
sitting out because I picked them up
yesterday part of my part of my work at
the University I'm not wearing any
makeup this is not a makeup no makeup
channel and I mean man on one level I
can completely understand why people
want to imitate freely on the other hand
it blows my mind again and again when I
see these amazingly fake and dishonest
channels that try to make Thailand look
like paradise on earth and really what
they do is make the YouTube channel the
person who runs the channel look like an
idiot if you hang out in Thailand with
people have lived there for even a few
months not even people lived there for a
few years they're all these topics of
real conversation of real concern that
just do not exist in the weird
demi-monde of these vegans trying to be
like freely I I mean
of the big ones I've mentioned before is
Thailand used to be a democracy and it's
currently a military dictatorship does
that concern you much is that something
you might read about the newspaper and
talk about with a friend over coffee you
don't have to be the most profound or
philosophical of characters to have some
kind of honest human reaction to that
and to mention on your YouTube channel
but even simpler than that meant like
how about the mosquitoes the level of
glorification and self-delusion going on
here I mean you know if you live in
Chiang Mai mosquitoes are a problem and
they can be a problem in a five-star
hotel and they can be a problem in the
cheapest one star hotel and they can be
a problem in your apartment and they can
be a problem on a bike trip and
mosquitoes can make your life hell and
if you know anybody there not even local
Thai people which is foreigners you've
been there for a while then you know
people who have had dengue fever you've
probably known people who've had malaria
you know there's also tuberculosis
drug-resistant tuberculosis there are
concerns that might come up on your
YouTube channel even shallower than that
man I saw the tag for a video the other
day and this girl was posing in a bikini
next to a palm tree on the beach and the
headline was either like this is Bangkok
or life in Bangkok that photograph was
not taken in Bangkok and I don't just
mean that geographically Bangkok does
have a beach bangkok as a city goes
right down to the ocean if you're a
tourist living in Bangkok take a look at
the map if you buy a paper map of
Bangkok mysteriously they never show you
the harbor they never show you the ocean
in that city and that's unlike any other
major city anywhere in the world that's
that's located on the ocean many cities
you know the harbor area is not so
beautiful it's not where tourists want
to go because it's an industrial harbor
it's a real working harbour and Bangkok
is an example of that but before you
reach the harbour in Bangkok you go
through a kind of weird area of
industrialized slums I guess you could
say
I read about that I remember talking to
a coworker there because I had a full
time job when I was in Bangkok I was not
on vacation I remember talking to a
coworker but the fact that that area is
never it's it's censored it's omitted
from the map or at least the maps that
people make for tourists how strange
that was I had an interesting place said
read about it I'd read about some of the
labor issues and what have you and when
I want bit down there it's not it's not
all bad but it means poor people doing
honest work earning honest wages and in
many ways having a better quality of
life than in any of the neighboring
countries that part of Southeast Asia ah
a lot to think about a lot to make
youtube videos about if you're living
there you're actually interested in the
world outside your window and not just
taking photographs of yourself posing
with a bowl of fruit look man I just got
back in the South of France I could have
made videos of myself on the beach
holding a mango telling you how
beautiful and fabulous that said the
France is why would I do that and what
would you think of me if I had done that
I think even if I had more subscribers I
think you'd think I was a [ __ ] here's
this guy goes to southern France and
what does he do it this time you know
what's the meaning of life for this guy
if this is all he does and a lot of
these channels the channels imitating
freely that is all there is it's not
that there's a mix there's no mix of
social concerns or what have you and
some of these people look one of these
youtubers I knew her I knew her just had
some facebook messages back and forth
before she moved to Thailand I know
she's not an idiot I know that before
she went to Thailand she was a law
school student and she's now a law
school dropout now I don't think you're
stupid for dropping at a law school I've
known some very intelligent people who
dropped at a law school and probably
there's there's a good chance that
you're more intelligent if you drop out
of law school than if you complete law
school I don't think less of you for
that but her major interest one of the
reasons why she went to law school and
one of the reasons why she went to
Thailand was that she was really
interested in human trafficking well why
do none of these videos reflect the
social reality of even what it's like to
walk down the street in a city like
chiang mai
Chiang Mai is full of prostitution it's
it's one of the world's greatest centers
for human trafficking the only one
that's worse is Bangkok Bangkok in
Chiang Mai are two of the worst cities
in the world for human trafficking if
that was a major concern whew there was
a major research interest ethical
interest personal interest that you
studied in school and now you're living
in Thailand why is there not a single
video about that on your YouTube channel
and again doesn't have to be deep just
like complaining about the mosquitoes I
mean you know you could just have a
video that that that reflects in a human
subjective way how disturbing it is to
walk past the brothels now look I I have
done research on human trafficking in
cambodia thailand laos formal research
i've published some articles on that
informal i think all of them are
informal on that topic but look i have
never been inside a brothel and anywhere
in the world never in Thailand everyone
sat East Asia but I mean Chiang Mai was
one of the few places where walking down
the street I remember one pimp had his
prostitutes set up sitting in chairs in
rows on the street so it wasn't even
indoors and all the women were you know
we're sitting at attention in this very
unnatural way and in that culture that's
really striking because like in Thailand
the cops don't sit up straight the
military don't sit up straight it's just
a culture where people generally have a
very relaxed way of sitting around even
at a board meeting even in a formal
situation and I remember how disturbing
it was to walk down the street and see
these women I forget how many that were
more than 20 let's say 25 women in
chairs in a row sitting still looking
straight ahead on sale you don't have to
be an intellectual you don't have to be
a skull you don't be a research just say
wow life here is kind of messed up man
but justjust have a reaction that and
talked with that and who is paying you
to misrepresent what life in Thailand is
like this way like if I moved to New
York City I'm not saying I would hate on
New York in every video maybe some
videos would show me having a great time
in New York maybe in some videos to talk
about was wonderful in New York but in
some videos at least I'd say gee you
know what I saw something the other day
and it kind of broke my heart I sauce in
the other day that really made me stop
and think about how life here is messed
up gee you know I read something in the
newspaper the other day that stop made
me think gee you know I had a
conversation with another guy the other
day and he was telling me about no he
went in a bike trip but he got dengue
fever man you would think there were no
cockroaches in Thailand you would think
there were no mosquitoes in Chiang Mai
in watching this completely artificial
bimbo centric world that vegans have
created it of Thailand and I mean none
of it's true it's not the real Thailand
and look I've known oh jeez in the game
when I lived in Southeast Asia most of
the Westerners I talk to you were over
50 years of age because they were my
elders and I want to learn from their
experience and not one of them ever said
to me you know what I really remember
about my years in Thailand was this
mango was this bowl of fruit not one of
them what a lot of them said to me was
you know what I remember being Thailand
in this year when there were tanks in
the street I remember being there when
this election happened and then the
elections got canceled and you know
there were protests there were riots
they remember the political conditions
whatever the weather they were in the
Philippines or they were in Mongolia
wherever they were in the world what's
meaningful and what stays with you and
what lasts a lifetime is being sensitive
to the social and political conditions
around you and I meet the guys I'm
talking about they're not philosophers I
mean some of these guys were scumbags
but these guys over 50 you would lived
in Asia for years who had made it their
home one way or another yeah that stuff
matters that stays with you and if
you're living in Tyler
we've had another period of you know
military dictatorship when in many ways
the whole country is sitting on the edge
incredibly tense situation politically
and this is what you're putting on line
what the hell does that say about you
and like I say in this one case I know
this girl is not stupid because I've
talked to I talked to her before she
move to Thailand but she seems
determined to live out this fantasy of
imitating freely and it makes her look
like a [ __ ] and the stuff on her
channel is BS it's of absolutely no
substance because again the only
substance the only thing of value we can
have here on YouTube is honesty is
keeping it real there are no special
effects man look you know what I've
still got it in the closet I'm gonna get
this out you know what this is can you
guess what this is
yeah I'm 643 by the way I think I've
never stood up on camera on this channel
before case you thought I was short
that's a mosquito net okay if you're
serious about living in Thailand whether
you're serious about doing bike trips or
you're just serious about getting a
decent night's sleep when you're checked
into hotel that is what you carry with
you everywhere you carry a mosquito net
at all times just to cope and still
you're going to have things to complain
about I remember being way up north in
the lab order in a town where there were
no European tourists no Westerners ever
went there maybe has changed few years a
long time there were small hotels that
were just for Chinese businessmen
visiting those villages that village I
was in who's all ethnic minorities tyloo
and akka mostly akka maybe a couple
Hmong and I remember even though I
brought i was on a bicycle going from
town to town dirt road even though i had
my own mosquito net with me guess what i
lay down on the bed probably nobody had
stayed in that hotel room for a month
there were bedbugs tropical bedbugs my
back was covered with welts this stuff
ain't deep but it's real if you're gonna
come on youtube and talk about life in
Thailand bring something real to it and
look I mentioned I used to hang out with
guys in their 50s some of them were
scumbags some of the more businessman
some of them were scholars some of them
were professors some of them were men
with PhDs who were unemployed or
surviving as English teachers some of
them were Buddhist monks you'll notice
about me if you click through my youtube
channel what do you talk about we hang
it with Buddhist monk you talk about
some real [ __ ] I remember having a
conversation with a Buddhist monk about
a time he got attacked by a giant Python
in Thailand in the jungles of Thailand I
think that was not far from tac if I
remember correctly this guy fell asleep
in a lawn chair in front of his Hut in
the middle of the jungle he woke up and
there was a [ __ ] Python with its
mouth over his hand and he had to figure
out how he was going to deal with a
Python trying to devour him
non-violently because he's a Buddhist
monk and he believes in not harming any
animals that's a real story I've never
seen or heard anything like that on
these
tube channels all I see are the bikinis
the bowls of fruit the illusion of
opulence man keep it real because on
YouTube reality is all we have got an
attack